_Preface:_ This is a fictional short story that I wrote after reflecting on this project, the tech industry, modern society, and my own relationship with programming. It is intended to be humorous and, hopefully for some, thought-provoking. If it bothers you for some reason, _that's too bad_! While I do provide technical work devoid of my own opinions, I only do so in exchange for **money**, which, if I can get enough, I will use to make this into a short-film starring Leonardo Di Caprio and Cillian Murphy.

---

> **Official Statement from the Department** There is a well-described neurological condition afflicting authors known as _autoignition with spontaneous combustion_ - or colloquially: _burnout_. The accepted scientific explanation for this, as generated by Department models, is that an ideological worm first bores a tiny hole in the author's mind. The presence of this cavity establishes a pressure gradient, which continues to build until eventually the author's mind implodes. This collapse is not immediately apparent to the untrained eye, but can be revealed by professional inspection, since the afflicted author will, at this point, begin oscillating between states: appearing superhuman from some angles, while simultaneously subhuman from others in equal and opposite proportion. This is an ideological illusion, created as some of the thought scattered out from the implosion is _reflected_ back, and deposited along the surface of a sphere having roughly the shape of the author's former mind, and which is known as the "_descent horizon_." At first, these deposits are so diffuse and numerous that they appear random - like _static_ - but over time this deposited thought will aggregate into fully formed ideas or even completed works, giving the impression that the author's previous mind is still there. By the time these moltings are witnessed however, the author's descent has already occurred.

>The Department specializes in handling such cases, and considers them to be an important matter of public safety. While the authors themselves present little immediate, physical danger, the aggregated thoughts and residual artifacts deposited along the "_descent horizon_" must be considered volatile and unpredictable. Only the Department's state-of-the-art probabilistic methods have been shown to improve public safety outcomes in the majority of such cases.

# STATIC REFLECTION

This document, dated Monday, September the 8th, 2025, 10:21AM Pacific Standard Time, describes the questioning of BitHub user 16542714, operating under the alias _bicksenger_, of his work on and ongoing involvement in project _Inception_, of which he is assumed to be the author, and which he has claimed is capable of, in his words, "Automatic Trait Implementation" in Bust, the fast, safe, systems programming language. This statement was flagged by state-of-the-art statistical models owned and operated by the Department, as _probably_ fraudulent. In accordance with the Department's revised 2025 procedures regarding outliars and skewed distributions, and in support of its ongoing efforts to amass training data expected to improve model performance on public safety measures across the board, it was politely suggested to the author that he bring himself in for Questioning, at his earliest convenience.

All quotations contained within this document have been confirmed, most likely, to be direct, accurate transcriptions of the author's own words, and are, to a reasonably high degree of certainty, not emphasized or altered in any way. The names of some parties have been obfuscated, in order to safeguard their right to privacy.

---

The author was first asked to state, in _no more_ than a couple sentences, his intents and goals with respect to project _Inception_, to which he replied:

> _Inception_ was an attempt to explore, in Bust, the concept of _Structural Induction_. That given some type `T`, if we can prove some property exists for all of `T`'s minimal substructures, and all of `T`'s immediate substructures, then this property must also hold for `T` itself.

When questioned about the novelty of this idea, the author denied responsibility for its conception, but produced a name: _Dmitry Mirimanoff_, stating:

> .. [Mr. Mirimanoff] .. first contributed this concept, the central idea behind _Inception_, to the field of mathematics in 1914

> **Note from the case's Technical Advisor**: Probability distributions generated from the author's statement here do support the existence of an Italian mathematician by the same name, who is noted to have made several contributions to a certain _primitive_ school of mathematics which arose in the early 20th century and which was limited to dealing _strictly_ in terms of absolutes. These methods ultimately became obsolete in every aspect with the rise of modern techniques for data-driven analysis and statistical inference.

The author was then questioned about his familiarity with Mr. Mirimanoff's contributions to mathematics prior to his involvement with project _Inception_, to which he replied:

> I knew of what I was trying to do, and that it most likely had already been done. That's how I found out about Mirimanoff ... 

Additional comments from the author regarding the specific nature of his own educational backround and career were dismissed as irrelevant, and this statement was flagged as likely fraudulent based on the author's historical profile and predicted knowledge distribution.

The author was politely encouraged to make truthful statements during the questioning process, and asked to produce a detailed technical outline of project _Inception_, including all essential structural elements, their intended purpose, and any specific information about their mode of operation that would be necessary for a suitably tuned model having a reasonable number of parameters to reproduce a functioning copy of the work.

### Technical Description

The author's submission describes a software component comprised of 2 main sections: `inception` and `inception-macros`, each of which may be further subdivided into 4 modules, the contents of those modules is outlined below:

- Section 1: `inception`
    - Module 1: `field.rs`
        - [pending safety analysis]
    - Module 2: `lib.rs`
        - [pending safety analysis]
    - Module 3: `meta.rs`
        - [pending safety analysis]
    - Module 4: `ty.rs` 
        - [pending safety analysis]
- Section 2: `inception-macros`
    - _The author's subjective comments and opinions about the quality of code in this section, which he compared to "spaghetti", were dismissed as irrelevant. The department has provisioned a dedicated inference agent to investigate any connection between this remark and the Italian mathematician Dimitry Mirimanoff._ 

    - Module 1: `derive.rs`
        - [pending safety analysis]
    - Module 2: `inception.rs`
        - [pending safety analysis]
    - Module 3: `lib.rs`
        - [pending safety analysis]
    - Module 4: `primitive.rs` 
        - [pending safety analysis]

### Questioning

> **Important Public Safety Announcement** The Department's _Questioning_ facilities are _not_ equipped to handle authors who present immediate _physical_ danger to themselves or to the public. Such cases should be submitted _online_ at www.department.soc/special-interest, where they will be processed, in the order received, during normal Department working hours (M-Th, 10:30AM-11:30AM, 2PM-4PM) according to resource availability. Please note that while _most_ of these requests will not be responded to, nearly all will be used to support the Department's ongoing modeling efforts concerning public safety. For more information, please visit _www.department.soc_. Thank you. 

After receipt of project _Inception_'s technical description, the author presented for Questioning about the nature of the project and his other private research pursuits. The recordings produced from this session would serve as enriched multimedia inputs for the department's state-of-the-art Conviction-Prediction-Transduction models, which would make the final call about whether the author is a danger to the public.

> *The Technical Advisor assigned to the case has added a correction here, noting that, as of September 1, 2025, Conviction-Prediction-Transduction is no longer state-of-the-art, having been supplanted by the refined Conviction-Transduction architecture after publication of the groundbreaking paper "Conviction is All We Need"*

On questioning, the author denied having any personal relation to, or affiliation with, Italian mathematician _Dmitry Mirimanoff_, however subsequent comments made by the author regarding Mirimanoff's demise (specifically, in relation to the author's date of birth) were flagged by department models as highly suspicious, given the nature of Mirimanoff's work and its purported connection with project _Inception_.

Per standard procedure in cases suspected to involve foreign individuals, the author was asked to make a statement to the record regarding the existence of any previously undisclosed funding streams connected to the work, particularly from Italy or the Italian Mafia, but also from any other entity, state, private or public organization, be it foreign or domestic, licit, illicit, or of any other nature.  

The author's stated absence of _any funding whatsoever_ for project _Inception_ was confirmed as truthful by prediction with department models - this is typical for BitHub cases - a platform that encourages healthy competition between authors in an open arena, driven by their own intrinsic motivations or misguided assumptions of improved long-term employment prospects, rather than monetary compensation. This arrangement has been shown in numerous Department studies to be superior on all measures of safety for the general public as compared to the alternatives. Moreover, it is amenable to statistical methods expected to completely eliminate the public's need for authors in the very near future.

> *The case's Technical Advisor notes his own personal excitement about this prospect here, and has submitted a request to the Department for his latest BitHub project, an embeddable widget comparing the top code-generation models, to be included in this section of the report*

Questioning then progressed to the next item: the author's familiarity with the _Baskell_ programming language. According to standard guidelines, any public statement made regarding use of this language is flagged as a potential public safety concern, and predictive models demonstrated that the author had made several such statements, including in direct response to questions about project _Inception_, in a public forum. The author's response to the questioning: 

> I only had a fleeting interest [in _Baskell_]. A few evenings maybe, nothing more - and this was before I ever became involved with Bust

The author declined to comment on the _specific_ nature of any acts performed with the _Baskell_ programming language during these evenings, but did cooperate in producing a statement to the record defining _monads_ in his own words (as is required by the Department for all cases involving _Baskell_). The author's statement regarding monads was, however, flagged as _very likely pornographic_ or _deviant_ in nature, and thus could not be included in this report, per department safety guidelines. 

> *The case's Psychiatric Advisor has placed a pin here, citing the author's demonstrated feelings of faithfulness towards Bust, which indicate an objectophilia of programming languages in general. This is a condition found to be highly correlated with BitHub contributions.*

Having covered the routine issues, predictive models then suggested it was safe for the questioning team to move forward to matters of public safety specific to this author's case, and so the author was questioned as to whether he had any familiarity with a programming concept known as _static reflection_, to which he replied:

> Not intimately, I learned of it recently by the announcement of its addition to B++ 26 ...

The author provided, in addition, some unsolicited personal opinions on _static reflection_ in relation to Bust, the fast, safe systems programming language, which were dismissed as irrelevant.

The author was then given a _gentle_ reminder that the purpose of the questioning was not to determine his opinions, or establish his beliefs in any _approximate_ sense, since output from department models already provided this information with greater density. Rather, the goal was simply to record a confirmation or denial, as quickly as possible, so that the recordings could be fed to the conviction model, and everyone could leave before lunchtime. This was all made very explicit of course on page 28 of the department's 36 page terms-and-conditions, which the author had completed and signed, in full, by way of an automated, probabilistic process using his biometric data. His handshake earlier that morning with the case's Questionaire-Hostess was considered consent to release this data, which, of course, the Department already had in its posession prior to the case. 

> *The Psychiatric Advisor was now comparing the biometric probability distributions from this handshake with those from the _Baskell_ questioning, and could vaguely be heard cursing about the interns under her breath, because although the _Baskell_ probabilities clearly showed the author to have the typical distorted pattern of sexual preferences revolving mostly around programming concepts, the _handshake_ probabilities showed that the author found his _Questionaire-Hostess_ to be very attractive, and experienced what even appeared to be a tinge of _guilt_ around those feelings.*

> **Note from the Psychiatric Advisor** This result wasn't altogether unexpected, since Questionaire-Hosts and Hostesses were selected in part based on their ability to evoke such responses from authors (as predicted by some of the Department's most coveted models), which has been shown in numerous studies to improve Questioning outcomes with regard to public safety. What _was_ however, unexpected, was the lack of _alignment_ between the author's two sexual-disposition-probability-distributions, because _that_ pointed to a hyperparameter tuning issue, and a hyperparameter tuning issue meant that an entire Department division would be laid off. Sometimes several.

After the author had agreed, again, to keep his answers to a minimum, he was asked whether he believes project _Inception_ represents a form of _static reflection_ in Bust, the fast, _safe_, systems programming language, to which he replied:

> In a limited form, maybe, but the goal of the project wasn't to explore this ...

The author's unsolicited opinions regarding the fast, safe, Bust systems programming language were, again, dismissed as irrelevant, and the questioning continued.

The author was asked to state how long this "limited form" of _static reflection_ was possible in Bust, the fast, safe, systems programming language.

> Since 1.20 maybe, possibly earlier, I ...

The author was cut off here, and reminded that whatever else he had to say was irrelevant. 

> *The technical advisor expresses his personal frustration here, noting that the author's uncertain response demonstrates a flagrant disregard for rigorous analysis, testing, versioning, and other best-practices, and that he considers the author's disdain for industry-standard code-quality indicators a personal offense.*

> *An additional note highlights that the technical advisor received 17 Bumpups for this observation from his technical peers, on the basis of encouraging technical excellence.*

> **Additional Context from the Technical Advisor:** Bumpups, originally invented by the department's elusive code-samurai Douzo Yoroshiku Onegaishimasu, are a highly prized asset across the department, both because of their elaborate distribution scheme involving delicate orchestration of the Department's most advanced probabilistic models across a vast network of satellites (a testament to Douzo's coding prowess), _but even moreso_ because they can be exchanged for legal stimulants at vending machines on department grounds all over the world past 10-PM local time.

>Each year for the past 15 years had been predicted to be the very last year during which a legal stimulant transaction would take place anywhere in the world unfacilitated by Bumpups, but so far there had always been some upset. Today, the speculation about when exactly this last legal stimulant exchange will occur, down to the nanosecond, is so fiercely competetive, and has so many derivatives and participants, that it is believed to form the backbone of the entire global economy. Uncontacted tribespeople are surveilled around the clock, on the off-chance that they may trade a betel nut or coca leaf, and the amount of energy used by the ever-evolving array of predictive models to determine when exactly this final stimulant exchange will occur is now greater than that of all other human activities combined. It is a truly beautiful system, backed in full by Douzo's sheer genius, and a major reason the department takes technology, specifically Bust, the fast, safe systems programming language, so seriously. _Bust_ is the only fast systems programming language _safe_ enough to be trusted to run the Bumpup infrastructure. Most people think that when this last exchange does occur, money won't exist anymore altogether. Humanity will have moved past that point. But you're not supposed to ask around the department, out of respect for peoples' beliefs and differences. There's even a haiku here:

> Humanity's fate 

> At the tip of Douzo's blade

> Patiently waiting

> No one knows who wrote it. Some even believe it was Douzo himself. The Department Head though, who is widely respected for his fluency in many languages, says it sounds even more beautiful in Douzo's native language, predicted to be the origin of haikus generally: Cantonese.

The author was then questioned as to whether, in his personal view, he believes project _Inception_ to represent a significant, or even novel development, either to the fast and safe systems programming language, Bust, or to the programming community at large, to which he replied:

> It seems very unlikely to me, though I wouldn't know for certain ...

The author was reminded here that the goal was to obtain a firm confirmation or denial of his belief, nothing more.

The author was asked again, whether he could say with absolute certainty that project _Inception_ represents a significant, novel contribution to the programming community or to Bust, the fast, safe, systems programming language:

> No

The author was then asked to share his thoughts on the _safety_ of project _Inception_, about whether it could potentially be misused in a way that would endanger users of Bust, a fast systems programming language which prides itself on being _safe_, or if he believes it to be a danger to the public at large.

> It was never my intent for it to be misused ...

Additional statements by the author about the "intended use" of project _Inception_ were dismissed as irrelevant.

He was asked again to confirm that it would be absolutely impossible to misuse project _Inception_ or its perceived "findings" for any purposes whatsoever, by any actor, regardless of their intent:

> I suppose.. it would be possible..

The author was then asked to provide the specific details on this misuse, in particular with regard to _static reflection_, to which he replied:

> If the "opt-in" feature is explicitly disabled, that is to say, if the implementor explicitly opts-_in_ to an opt-_out_ mode of functioning, forcing the downstream user to opt-_out_ of any specific implementation instead of opting-_in_, then it might be easier to make a mistake. Easier perhaps to ship a breaking change to a library or set of libraries than the existing alternative, but ...

The author was asked to clarify whether this would be considered, in his view, a _mistake_, or, whether this was the _intended outcome_ of project _Inception_ from the beginning. Whether project _Inception_ was a deliberate act of sabotage involving the introduction of _static reflection_ to an otherwise unknowning, unprotected, and unaware systems programming language, which was assumed to be _safe_, and whether project _Inception_ was intended to cripple the ecosystem of the Bust systems programming language _by design_, an ecosystem which prides itself on stability and reliability, and which was - at least, prior to project _Inception_, considered to be _safe_.

> It wasn't intentional, I ...

The department's system repeated the statement "easier perhaps to ship a breaking change to a library or set of libraries."

> **The case's Technical Advisor notes here his architectural contributions to the model behind this Questioning feature, and recommends curious users or people looking to enter the field check out his Department-sponsored blog to learn more.** The model is tuned to accept a fixed-length embedding of the case details alongside an input stream of predictions generated from the author's electroencephalogram. The weights themselves are fine-tuned to each individual, and the output is _just_ the voice and intonations predicted to have the best outcome with regard to public safety for the author in question. Importantly, _the actual speech content_ is decoupled completely, so the words can be swapped in and out, but the impact is largely the same! This uses the department's proprietary voice intonation format of course, otherwise it would be nearly impossible - it's _essential_ for difficult cases (though admittedly, this particular author's is straightforward). He notes however that the model was originally designed with the assumption of producing 30-second segments of voice-intonation, so you have to let the author listen for some multiple of 30-seconds, even if less would be sufficient. It's a bit of a "gotcha," he admits, and the one thing he would do differently if he could go back - he cites the "curse of adoption." 

> *The technical advisor received several Bumpups for this explanation in light of his humility.*

The author was offered a fun-size apple juice box.

> **Note from the Public Relations Advisor** Department policy is to always give authors the opportunity to raise their own blood-sugar levels, based on biometric indicators. Most don't anyways, but the department always gives them the opportunity, and that's the important part, since it has only been shown to improve public safety outcomes when the choice is provided. Hobbyists sometimes pull apart various models' "hidden layers" in search of some deeper explanation for this, but the professional scientific community has largely abandoned such pursuits as unnecessarily pedantic, due to the clear results.

The previous question was repeated to the author, shorter and more direct this time: "Was the intent of project _Inception_ to sabotage the Bust systems programming language and its community by introduction of _static reflection_?" The author's response:

> I.. suppose It could be construed that way but..

The author was cut off again and told that whatever else he had to say was irrelevant.

> **Note from the Psychiatric Advisor**: when dealing with authors having certain criminal dispositions (as is clearly indicated by the predictions from psychiatric models tuned to the history of this one's written and verbal statements) it can be nearly impossible to achieve an outright confession. Pharmacologic intervention has been shown by numerous metrics to significantly improve public safety outcomes _in nearly all cases_, but for _these_ cases the impact is particularly significant.

> *The psychiatric advisor notes that this author receives her official recommendation for pharmacologic intervention here.*

It was decided to proceed now with questions of a more personal nature, to establish that the author's character itself was dangerous, given the danger of project _Inception_ had been clearly indicated.

The author was asked whether he perceives or imagines himself to be a figure of authority in the Bust community, or someone who has been otherwise entrusted with making decisions on the community's behalf, to which he replied:

> No, I never made ...

The remainder of the author's statement was dismissed as irrelevant.

The author was questioned about whether project _Inception_ was released with deliberate intent to endanger the public, to sow feelings of doubt and mistrust among users of the Bust systems programming language.

> No

The author was asked whether he considers himself to be the most technically proficient, or "advanced" Bust programmer in the world. Whether he considers himself some kind of "ninja," or perhaps even a "rockstar?"

> No, certainly not. Please, that's ridiculous..

The author was questioned as to whether, from his perspective, the Bust programming language provided insufficient "expressive power" for anything he was trying to achieve, or had some other deficiency, which inspired him to pursue potentially "novel" ways of using the language, outside of its accepted idioms.

The author did not provide a response within the deadline tailored to the author's profile by generative methods. 

> *The psychiatric advisor notes this as the author's first non-response*

The author was asked whether he considers himself to be of above-average intelligence, and if this is something he takes pride in.

> In some areas, maybe ...

The author's comment is dismissed as irrelevant, and the question is repeated.

> Yes, I suppose...

The author is reminded again to provide simple confirmation or denial.

The author was asked about whether he has delusions of grandeur, hears voices, or perhaps even suffers visions of persecution? 

He did not provide a response within the deadline.

The author was then asked about whether he imagines himself capable, perhaps on behalf of his "higher-than-average" intelligence, or even the "delusions of grandeur" he may be concealing, of making meaningful, significant, technical contributions to computer science, to Bust, the fast, safe systems programming language, to how that language is used, or to how any other programming language is used, generally.

The author did not provide a response within the deadline.

The author was asked whether he envisions himself to be an "explorer," a "pioneer," an "inventor," or otherwise considers it his personal responsibility to "advance" the state-of-the-art in any field.

The author did not provide a response within the deadline.

The author was asked whether he thinks of himself as a "prankster," or someone who performs "feats" and "exploits," or who would attempt to make a mockery of Bust, the fast and safe systems programming language, of its users, or even the state of _safe_ systems programming as a whole, whether for personal gain, curiosity, or some distorted sense of "fun" that he had developed.

The author did not provide a response within the deadline.

The author was asked if he considers himself capable, mentally, given his current state, of being a responsible practicioner of Bust: the fast, safe systems programming language.

The author did not provide a response within the deadline.

The author was asked to spend some time reflecting on the idea that, perhaps.. he is an _imposter_

> *The case's Psychiatric Advisor notes here that, this is a feeling not at all uncommon for authors, especially those with a historical or behavioral profile such as this one. On its own, it is actually not even considered much of an issue these days. It is only when symptoms start to show, as in this case, that it becomes of even minor importance to pay much attention to it at all (at least, outside of fringe research, or as an academic curiosity). Having authors reflect on the idea in an environment that is _known to be safe_, has been shown to improve long-term public safety outcomes related to the condition.*

The author was again offered a fun-size apple juice box, then given some additional time to reflect.

Despite the author's limited responsiveness, it was assumed by now that visual, audial, biometric, electroencephalographic, and all of the numerous other forms of data collected over the last few questions would (at least once augmented with additional _synthetic_ data extrapolated from the Deparment's full historical record of the author) be sufficient for downstream processing, and that the nature of the questioning could shift again. 

The author was asked if he sees Bust, the fast, safe systems programming language, as some kind of personal-sandbox for himself, or as a toy.

The author did not provide a response within the deadline.

The author was given an encouraging reminder that his son's first birthday was coming up. Several members of the questioning team smiled to eachother and the author. It seemed genuine.

The author was asked why, since he appeared to have so much free-time on his hands to work on _Inception_, did he not simply _"stop"_ and .. spend some time with his son or family instead? Could he not think of anything more helpful or constructive to be doing? Had he developed some kind of compulsion or habitual behavior around Bust, the fast, safe, systems programming language?

The author did not provide a response within the deadline.

The psychiatric advisor was considered most qualified to deliver the next question. She began by delivering her sincerest apology about it being suggested that the author present for Questioning so near to such an important day for his son, then suggested that the department would be willing to buy his son a birthday gift.

She asked whether the author felt that the Department-sponsored opt-in prenatal screening predictions were still accurate, or if there was something else he thought his son would like for his birthday.

> ... he likes ... dinosaurs

Members of the questioning team smiled at this. It seemed genuine.

> **Note from the Technical Advisor** Situations such as this one were difficult for the Department's early conviction models, which were known to enter a peculiar state, wherein their species layer (thought to provide these models some vantage point necessary for making ethical predictions) would classify the questioning team and the author as _different species altogether_. Now, it's important to keep in mind that the model doesn't _actually_ output a particular species, like "Guinea baboon" or "Pink flamingo," but a probability distribution, so you couldn't really say whether the author's distribution or the Questioning Team's looked more "human" than the other. But in this unexpected state, all of the Questioning Team would show distributions that looked, more or less, the same, while the _author_ would show one that was totally different! It resolved on its own after a few minutes, but required manual steps to patch in the downstream data processing and was, for this reason, extremely costly to the department, given the scale of its operations.

> The Department, who of course had all the best minds working for them already, spent massive amounts of money to resolve this, and when they finally found the solution - a tiny addition, deep in the core of the model architecture - it was elegant, brilliant, and considered a revolution in the field: rather than worrying about fixing the author's distribution, just take the average of the Questioning Teams' and use that average for the author! This addition, called a "shunt," worked beautifully in subsequent pipelines - a smooth integration - and the funniest part is that neither the author's probability distribution nor, of course, those of the Questioning Team, ever needed any modification. The author's distribution would be, as the coders say, "dropped," and then get cleaned up automatically, so long as nothing was ever explicitly done with it at all!

> *The Technical Advisor received 50+ Bumpups (the maximum that can be shown) for this explanation, citing his depth of knowledge and numerous other qualities. The explanation was even pinned for a short period.* 

The psychiatric advisor began making preparations to move forward with pharmacologic intervention.

The recommendation for public safety specific to this author from _Shulgunnr-2_, an integrated individualized-medicine model
and pharmacotherapeutic-administration system of which the newer versions are considered to be state-of-the-art, was a regimen consisting of: 

- 50.9ug 1-(4-Bromofuro[2,3-f]benzofuran-8-yl)propan-2-amine
- 2.8ug 1-(3-Chlorophenyl)-4-(2-phenylethyl)piperazine
- 10.2ug dihydroetorphine 

Administered once as an intravenous bolus, followed by continuous infusion of these compounds in 
a dynamic ratio, adjusted as necessary based on biometric inputs with the goal of maximizing public 
safety outcomes for the duration of infusion.

> **Note from the Psychiatric Advisor** The Shulgunnr line is one of the Department's earliest technologies, and therefore has an _extremely_ well-established safety record. It has been shown time and again that its recommendations, when used as instructed, are incredibly safe. The only thing to watch out for with these early models like the 2, is that while they have the same convenient quick-selects as the newer models for scaling doses in equestrian and zoological applications, they _don't_ have the colored animal-shaped icons on the display. So it's _very_ important to double-check that the machines are set to "Human" and not "Grizzly bear" or "Black rhinocerous" _before_ hooking up an author. Interns and new-hires are always given a full-color pamphlet containing this information prior to their first independent operation of a Shulgunnr, as a strict matter of Department safety policy.

Once pharmacologic intervention had been initiated, Questioning Teams were trained to:

1. Flatter the author about one of their BitHub achievements.
2. Proceed quickly to the most pertinent public safety issues, since authors' conditions _could_ degrade rapidly on the off-chance of an adverse reaction.

The author was asked to confirm that it was indeed him, user 16542714, who authored the code on lines 315-2532 of project _glowstick_, path `src/op/convolution.rs`

He nodded.

The author was then notified that, according to Department predictions, the "where-bound" contained on these lines was larger than 99.82% of other successfully compiling Bust where-bounds committed to BitHub, and that for this, the entire Questioning Team extends to him their most sincere congratulations. Several members of the Questioning Team clapped their hands and smiled. It seemed genuine.

The author smiled.

> *A note from the Psychiatric Advisor here points out a "nice" marbling of shame through a 15/85 pride-insecurity layer on the author's EEG distributions, with just a speckling of what looks to be some combination of embarassment and perceived irony. She emphasizes that achieving this sort of emotional blend, widely considered **prime** for questioning, is exactly the sort of thing that pharmacologic intervention is designed to help with, and it also indicates a well-selected BitHub sample. She includes her personal recommendation for this portion of the case to be archived as training data.*

The author was then questioned about whether he had ever conducted experiments regarding _machine-learning_, _tensor-facilitated-statistical-inference_, _parallel-processor-assisted-probabilistic-modeling_, _neural-networks_, or _any_ other _agents_ of an _artificially intelligent_ kind.

> Yes of course, the project you just mentioned is directly related to those!

It was clarified to the author that the questioning team already _knew_ about this project and everything on BitHub. The question was intended to determine whether he had done any _other_ work that they _didn't_ know about already.

> Sure, a few things. In fact, that was what I wanted to try next with project _Inception_.

A notification then came in that the case had been closed, and the Questioning Team was dismissed.

A few members smiled as they exited the room. It was 11:42, just in time for lunch. 

> **Case Discussion** The public perception (and, by extension, public safety) of private experiments conducted with _artificial intelligence agents_ was parallel to those of private _chemistry_ experiments in the late 20th century. While there was, technically, _some remote possibility_ that a given private _chemistry_ experiment conducted outside of a commercial or academic institution at that time was legitimate, in the vast majority of cases, it wasn't. Because, for the vast majority of people interested in performing a chemical experiment, there were only two logical goals: drugs or explosives. So the burden of proof shifted to the accused, at least as far as public perception was concerned. The intent with _artificial intelligence agents_ in the current era was even easier to imply. Since the Department _already provided_ models for every predicted necessity, there was only really _one_ logical motive for conducting a private experiment related to _artificial intelligence agents_: to develop a _more powerful_ agent than the Department, and seize the Department by ideological force. Even though that was _exceedingly unlikely_ to ever happen, the Department kept a close eye on the clandestine manufacture of _artificial intelligence agents_. For purposes of public safety.

> _Static reflection_ was a safety concern for different reasons. On its own, _reflection_ wasn't much of a problem, and it was actually encouraged by the Department for authors to reflect from time-to-time, to keep from bumping into each other and make sure they weren't getting pulled over. As long as everything stayed in motion, the Department's predictions about what would happen next and who would end up where were reasonably accurate. The issue with _static reflection_ was mostly to do with the stasis, because once something _stopped_, it was harder to predict its next movement. An object in stasis became increasingly subject to its own internal state, which was still a bit of a black-box for the Department: a blind-spot on its casino floor. And since the success of the Department's entire public safety program was completely dependent on predictions, _static reflection_  was considered an existential threat to public safety.

> As for the combination of artifical intelligence agents _with_ static reflection - the Department didn't have any data on this at all, which meant that the fact those two things were even considered safety issues on their own was completely irrelevant to this case, since it would be treated as a _novelty_ case, and novelty cases nearly _always_ led to conviction. This wasn't to say that equipping _artificial intelligence agents_ with _static reflection_ capabilities would actually do anything significant - it most likely wouldn't, given most things didn't. But there was no data about this, and _that_ was an issue. The Department's B++ 26 people would most likely produce some, eventually.

**Case Results**
- The conviction model outputs showed that the possibility of the author being guilty could not be ruled out, and therefore he was convicted as charged.
- The sentencing model produced (as is usually the case, due at least in part to cost-savings measures implemented by the Department) a single token: `stop`.

> **Technical Explanation:** This was the stop token, sometimes represented as `<|stop|>` , `<stop/>`, or `STOP`. Sometimes it even came out in Douzo's native language. Technically, this always meant the same thing: that the model was finished producing outputs and had nothing left to say. Early on, there were various interpretations of this, but those were mostly dismissed as irrelevant once the Department put forward their official stance on the matter: it meant that no one needed to do anything at all. Things could just keep moving along exactly as they were before. It was reasoned that most of these authors appeared to have opted-in to some sort of life-sentence of their own creation anyways, so additional sentencing wouldn't really make much of a difference.


The author, now guilty beyond any _reasonable_ doubt, was escorted out of the Questioning facility by the case's Questionaire-Hostess.

Before he walked off, she handed him a fun-size apple juice box, and a small plastic dinosaur figurine. It was a Compsognathus.

_"From the department"_ she smiled. It seemed genuine.

---


This concludes the official account of project _Inception_.
